OK, wait and see.
The ignorant are fearless.
Just your life
It is not worth the personal delivery of Lord Chiying
In the future, win the admiration of the emperor
This woman has disrespected the war emperor many times
Even pretending to be the emperor
As long as you give the order
Punish the low-sword shrew who disrupts the invited tenders
I will fully support
I also agree with Mr. Zhang's statement
The invite tenders will start soon
Lord Chiying will be here soon
If you see this fortune run amok again
I'm afraid I'll anger you
Also ask Mrs. Jin to order severe punishment
When I am allowed, the Wang family also fully supports me. I would like to have this
Did you see Longyan stone?
as expected
Shi Yun, you can't keep it
Mrs. Jin's face is really big
Now I advise you to stop as soon as possible
Don't shoot yourself in the foot
Do you even dare to rebel?
Hulongyan Pool
I'll let you see if I have this strength today.
Give it to me
Break his legs for me
Let him walk on his knees for the rest of his life
Phoenix lane change